>> Todd Gardner: All right, so we're
gonna enable some caching headers and
earn some free requests.
So this is one of the other
things that we have set up here.
If we go into the root file,
into performance config,
this is one of the other things that
I have ready wired up, and turned on.
So, the first option is
enable 304 caching headers.
Which is whether or
not we should return the eTag and
last modified headers for static content.
I'm gonna start this, and we're just gonna
kinda play with it locally a little bit.
>> Todd Gardner: So
if we go to localhost, and
I'm gonna turn this off and
load this page and
let's just look at hero for now.
When we made this request,
the request headers,
we said, great, I want this image.
Please give me this
image when it came back,
in addition to having the contents of it,
we see there's an e-tag,
w/ a bunch of garbage, and
a last modified of Thursday,
September 26th, 2024, blah blah blah.
These is now remembered by the browser.
So if I want to ask for
this file again, if I refresh this,
stop being so aggressive with
your performance monitoring.
Chrome tries so hard to optimize
everything that sometimes it caches
things when I don't want it to,
cuz it has jumped the shark, as it were,
and jumped ahead and already done
the full on caching mode for me.
Returning from local cache,
which is ahead of where I want to be.
So let's kind of rewind, and
we're just going to enable both of
our caching headers right away.
And so now what's gonna happen is
when we visit our local system,
and we make a request when we ask for
hero mobile 1400.
In addition, rather than when
we pull down hero mobile 1400.
The server is gonna return cache
control to keep this thing for
7200 milliseconds, or
7200 seconds to keep it until it's
gonna return cache control to
keep this thing for 7200 seconds.
Here's the eTag and here's the last
modified date, so that if we request this
file again, disabling the local cache,
the request isn't actually even made.
The request happens in 0 milliseconds.
And the size,
we don't even know the size, because
it's returned from the memory cache.
The local browser didn't
even really make this
request it's returning this thing as
though it did the last time for free.
Now, this is really great for
returning experience.
This doesn't count for
the first time users visit the site.
They're not gonna have anything in cache.
But if a user comes back to your site
later, this makes things way faster.